This is standard procedure...
Any sexual partners?
No...
Okay.
It doesn't look that serious.
When did you realize you
had a problem?
Relax.
Just a routine check
Oh my God...
I get soft quickly these days
when I watch porn.
Last night,
I didn't get hard at all.
Looks okay.
Doesn't seem that bad.
Yeah, that was quick.
Oh God, I'm sorry!
I'm not done yet.
Turn around, face down.
He's not gonna do anything else...
is he?
I need to check if you have
any issues with your
prostate.
God, this is
so embarrassing!
I can't get inside.
Just relax.
How can I relax?
It appears that
it's probably from long-term
intense racing training.
How's that possible?
But...
maybe your sexual orientation
has changed.
You can try some gay porn
or try with a guy.
It's all done.
I'm not your doctor now.
What?
Maybe...
you wanna try with me?